Today I come with another video of
buy r $ 1 for you
and this time I got pretty heavy on the guti
very few things from home because I
I buy rather then that I am
buying more than consumption
Okay, I'll start by showing you
I bought that I bought a sea gozei
It's because I have a lot of children here.
so I do not miss these things for
or not of exaggeration but always has
These little peaches are very
good
I bought two snack foods are two for one.
real bullets pack of bullets that more
balloon 5 I like to put it on my
The whale catcher has sprinkles
also each cost real and I love
This one, right?
For me, my cleaning is almost
ending with price from here
were 2 for 1 real
I bought several and orkuts because people
You know the thing is really sweet, I
I bought from the people of Brazil and I was in the market.
It costs very affectionate and people for a real
comprises soybeans
I bought several invitations of strawberry
several here delights this serve was the
me that may morning
Granola even though it was Greek that the
most girls stayed my Greek god
I do not believe Greek mine series that costs
almost $ 3 in the market I paid a defendant
a delight
all in the correct validity and
I love that I love
he is very nice people have piece
of wonderful fruit and
People know it's very good, huh?
I bought two fresh suquinho
I bought this vigor girl quioca beam
loves the purchase and 4 but the media has already caught on
huh
I bought cereal bars because I
I can not stay long without comment
which is good always at home and are two
for $ 1 also two purchases are heard for
attest if it's good because I think it's cute
I'm going home now
Ah I said that cookie I bought two
with price of turkey breast and the one here
of cheese
at least there is to reach that mark
very good in the market is well cared for
I used to have him for a little while I
I bought I do not much like items
Plastic I like you a lot more
I found so cute is here O
I have a lot of glass spoon I do not have
Almost plastic but I bought this
hence I liked the black cover
You can see that it 's very good only
5 using enough is with her and closes
well I like to put things dry
knows our lot to put food
cooked in a hurry that spins because I found
she so cute they appeared
red but it's not red it 's just a
Good, I'm in love with this color.
This color here I bought I was these
days ago with prices here alone
here is also the same color as it generates
very beautiful this color is a salmon
little ones to eat dessert do
gelatine and such and today I found these
big and I loved it because they are
Wonderful are not acrylic and $ 1
There's a lot of acrylic I do not like
much because it breaks very easy but
these are not the ones here is very good have a
durability
bacca not the same thing the subject support
even the difference is ignorant people
the neighbors
anton prayer this business of grinding
you and put it in here
At least they keep telling me and
Come out, ditch, answer me to see if it's
good
I bought this wine- pouring business.
I also do not know if it's good I was without
none at home shame on you
I have now bought a real commitment to
tooth vines in a hurry for me is
I always like to have a reservation in
House
I bought this business to put it in the
my sink drain is right comments that cries
then it's a shame I took advantage
buy the children's little thing
against this here for me reaping xuxinha
very pretty
I bought a drawing to bring the beautiful one.
paint because she loves to paint buy
these 3d stickers
I found it very cute and left-handed.
chick I do not know yet where I'm going to use
but I'll decorate something with him more
He is very cute and I bought this
family, because besides me
I still was very friend that I bought a beach
so these were my shopping
of the week of $ 1 I went right there
buy orkut because I think
pays off because it's on the market
People are very expensive so I went more
to buy the latter even because I
I take the kids take we like
enough
so this is what I hope you have
I like it if you like it, I 'd like it if you write
here on the channel a super kiss for you
girls and that's it, let's go everybody
save money